Add note about `vaadin.launch-browser` (#1096)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/integrations/spring/configuration.asciidoc

== Special Configuration Parameters

=== Configure the Scanning of Packages

`blacklisted-packages` is a comma-separated string that can be used to blacklist packages from being scanned in v14 (npm mode) projects.

> The default set of packages does not cover everything that we should not be interested in.

Reviewer: This is rather an uncomfortable double negative. Could we say:
"The default set of packages includes some packages that we are not interested in."?

Author: The sentence is ambiguous indeed. I rewrote it. Hopefully, it's better now.

== Special Configuration Parameters

=== Configure the Scanning of Packages

> To speed up the build of projects, Flow automatically excludes a number of packages (such as the ones belonging to the `java` and `springframework` packages) from being scanned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To decrease the startup time during development as well as the build time for the production bundle, Flow automatically excludes a number of packages (such as the ones belonging to the `java` and `springframework` packages) from being scanned for annotations.
```

The set of packages that Vaadin Flow excludes by default are defined in the [classname]#VaadinServletContextInitializer# class.

> You can extend this list using the `blacklisted-packages` property, which is a comma-separated string that can be used to blacklist packages from being scanned in npm-mode projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can extend this list using the `vaadin.blacklisted-packages` property, which is a comma-separated string that can be used to exclude packages from being scanned.
```

You should use either `whitelisted-packages` or `blacklisted-packages`.
If both of them have values, `blacklisted-packages` is ignored.

=== Launch the Browser Automatically in Development Mode

You can configure a Spring Boot project to launch the default browser automatically when starting the application in development mode via the following property:

.application.properties
[source,properties]
----
vaadin.launch-browser = true
----

== Using Spring Boot Properties

> You can set properties for Spring Boot in your [filename]#application.properties`# file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set properties for Spring Boot in your [filename]#application.properties# file.
```
